---
layout: single
title:  "Welcome to David Silva's website!"
header:
  image: /assets/images/home-header.jpg
categories: miscellaneous
---

Welcome to my website! Make yourself at home. 
Here you can find a bunch of random and completely incoherent stuff!

In hopes to give you some lights on what you will find here, I wrote this post on the Why's, What's, and Where's that gave origin to this website. 

# Why? 
I have been wanting to create a blog for quite some time. 
In fact, I have felt the need for it!

Many times I have faced situations where I had to learn some new topic and I needed a place to write what I learned - and why not share it with the internet as, most likely, I have learned from it? 

I have also had occasions where I was working on some personal project and I felt that my work could be documented for the sake of sharing or even for myself, as a way to track my steps. 

I might even write about some book or article I have read or movie I have seen. I thought about sharing my interpretations and thoughts.

Finally, I want to share my accomplishments, travels, and offline experiences on a platform that doesn't uses it to take advantage of me.
A place where I am truly in command and decide what to do with my information.

# What?
In this website you will find articles about several topics. 
Mostly related with Data Science, Linux, Self-hosting, and Digital Privacy as, at the moment of writing, these are my main interests. 
However, I intend to use it for whatever I want. 
I plan to write about financial management and investments, literature, offline experiences, and other topics.

This website will also have a professional purpose. 
You will be able to find any information about my professional experience, skills, and education. 
I will try to keep it as updated as possible.

# Where?
This website is peculiar in both the nature of its content and the way it is served.

Today's internet has given people the tools to share posts and thoughts in the most accessible and straight-forward way possible, however this has come with a cost: information is not owned by their creators and is used in many ways by platforms to exploit their users, without even they knowing. 

The control and dependency imposed by these platforms is something I want to avoid. 
For this reason, the website you are in right now is self-hosted by me and, as you can see, you are not in any of the typical platforms that we all know \***cough cough**\* Facebook and friends \***cough cough**\*. 

In this way, I feel safe to share, to some extent, everything I wish.
